c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.exe.config
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.exe
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.pdb
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\obj\Debug\HTML_Parser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\obj\Debug\HTML_Parser.exe
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\obj\Debug\HTML_Parser.pdb
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.DAL.dll
C:\Users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.Business.dll
C:\Users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.Business.pdb
C:\Users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\NLog.config
C:\Users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\Users\bbesedin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
j:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.exe.config
j:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\obj\Debug\HTML_Parser.exe
j:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\obj\Debug\HTML_Parser.pdb
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\NLog.config
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.exe
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.pdb
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.Business.dll
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.DAL.dll
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.Business.pdb
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HTML_Parser.DAL.pdb
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
J:\HTML_Parser\HTML_Parser\obj\Debug\HTML_Parser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
